[Applause]
Tom Hiddleston is so ugly why is no one
acknowledging this I don't really
understand how anthony mackie got this
far looking like a bug with buck teeth
but here we are
Scarlett Johansson has the emotional
range of a celery I hate white people oh
why do so many people have a crush on
Sebastian Stan he looks like a potato
Winston Duke brought his Hal up top with
crack head legs Elizabeth Olsen has
weird it's true I do yeah Don Cheadle
looked like a mix between a beetle that
rhymes a muskrat and a roach that's just
aa format we hated Bautista follow this
page if you hate Dave Bautista he's ugly
a complete joke non talented and he
sucks
Benedict Cumberbatch always looks like
he's had an allergic reaction
I'll bet Tom Holland is one of those
Whitey's who collapsed when the plane
lands
also while I'm comparing old men to
reptiles ever notice that samuel
l.jackson looks like a snapping turtle
if the girl wants to paul rudd chances
are she'll - you - hashtag Paul Rudd is
audible karen gillan
once again allow me to ask you who that
do you think you are I don't know maybe
I'm gonna just have to google myself and
this one is very simple into the point
pull Bethany what how did the coolest
blackest dude in the galaxy
end up with some white bread ass name
like Chadwick if I said it once I said
it 600 times Chris Pratt is still
perhaps Chris Evans isn't truth a great
actor but he plays Captain America oh
thank you use a big dumb thanks for
watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed